In this video I willl
explain how to build a third-party
interactive new window widget,
Which is basically a button that will launch a third-party
interactive into a new window or browser tab.
If you are looking on how to build a
widget third-party interactive widget that
is embedded in an iframe, check out the 3PI
inline section.
So… um… just like any other widget you’re gonna drag it
into your project and name your
widget… um… You are allowed
to decide what you want the button to say
You can have it say whatever you want it to say.
I’m just going to say “View.”
And then you get to decide what you want the descriptive
text next to the button to say
[typing sounds]… And then you
enter in your URL. Make sure that your URL
is using HTTPS,
not HTTP… um, Save the
link. You’ll see it will tell you that it has saved.
And then you can go to preview widget to preview your button.
And note that this appears to be in
an iframe, but that will not be how it looks
once you get into your project. It’ll just be a
button with the text that you have decided upon.
And when you click on the button, it will launch
the third-party interactive.